Continue from the current state.

Do not update launch evidence, blocker docs, or production-readiness language unless all required gates pass.

Primary Objective:
Drive the repository from the current partially stabilized state to enterprise-grade production SaaS readiness while preserving fail-closed security, tenant isolation, auditability, and operational integrity.

Core Principles:

No weakening of security assertions.
No broad auth bypass.
No tenant isolation bypass.
No silent fallback behavior.
No “green by suppression.”
All compatibility shims must delegate to canonical implementations.
Preserve fail-closed behavior for auth, OIDC, secrets, and tenant enforcement.
Prefer architectural convergence over accumulating drift adapters.

Execution Model:
For every cycle:

Fix the immediate bounded blocker safely.
Re-run targeted tests.
Re-run bounded suite.
Re-classify remaining failures.
Identify architectural patterns causing repeated drift.
Reduce future drift while fixing current blockers.

Current Immediate Blockers:

RLS migration coverage
NULL tenant visibility
RLS DB enforcement source checks
OIDC config drift
OIDC role mapping drift

Immediate Next Step:
Resolve the above blocker wave while preserving strict tenant enforcement and fail-closed OIDC behavior.

After Immediate Blockers Pass:

STEP 2 — Tenant Isolation Hardening
Goal:
Establish tenant isolation as a provable platform invariant.

Required work:

Audit every DB access path:
get_db
get_db_from_context
async session factories
Celery/background tasks
websocket execution paths
graph/Neo4j access
vector retrieval paths
Eliminate any unscoped session creation.
Verify all ORM models include tenant scoping where required.
Ensure all RLS migrations:
ENABLE ROW LEVEL SECURITY
FORCE ROW LEVEL SECURITY where appropriate
deny NULL tenant leakage
Validate Neo4j tenant filtering on all graph traversals.
Add contract tests for:
cross-tenant reads
cross-tenant writes
missing tenant context
NULL tenant rows
async propagation
websocket propagation
tool execution propagation

Validation:

python -m pytest tests/security -k "tenant or rls or isolation" -n 0 -vv

STEP 3 — Authentication / Authorization Convergence
Goal:
Eliminate auth contract drift across services.

Required work:

Standardize JWT decode interfaces.
Standardize OIDC provider config contracts.
Ensure RBAC defaults to least privilege.
Remove duplicate auth helper implementations.
Ensure websocket auth uses canonical middleware.
Ensure service-to-service auth uses validated secrets.
Ensure all routes fail closed without middleware.
Add explicit auth contract tests for:
expired tokens
malformed tokens
missing claims
role escalation attempts
websocket reconnect flows
service-secret rotation

Validation:

python -m pytest tests/security -k "auth or oidc or jwt or rbac" -n 0 -vv

STEP 4 — Secrets / Environment / Configuration Hardening
Goal:
Remove environment-coupled drift and ensure deterministic startup/security behavior.

Required work:

Standardize config loading across layers.
Separate:
production startup
local dev
CI/test mode
Ensure partial production secret config fails closed.
Prevent accidental secret fallback defaults.
Remove runtime imports from source-inspection tests.
Stabilize Infisical/Vault integration contracts.
Ensure all required env vars are documented and validated.
Add startup validation matrix tests.

Validation:

python -m pytest tests/security -k "config or startup or secrets" -n 0 -vv

STEP 5 — Governance Middleware & Audit Integrity
Goal:
Guarantee all requests are observable, attributable, and enforce governance phases consistently.

Required work:

Verify all middleware phases execute in order.
Ensure audit events emit for:
auth failures
tenant resolution
privilege changes
tool execution
admin actions
security violations
Ensure audit failures are logged but do not bypass security.
Verify request IDs propagate cross-service.
Validate governance hooks:
_pre_auth
_post_auth
_pre_rls
_post_rls

Validation:

python -m pytest tests/security -k "audit or governance or middleware" -n 0 -vv

STEP 6 — Graph / Tool / Agent Security Hardening
Goal:
Ensure all agentic and graph execution surfaces are constrained and tenant-safe.

Required work:

Prevent Cypher write operations from user-accessible paths.
Validate tool sandboxing.
Validate prompt delimiter enforcement.
Validate graph query allowlists.
Ensure agent memory access is tenant-scoped.
Ensure tool execution propagates tenant + auth context.
Add hostile prompt-injection tests.
Validate websocket streaming isolation.

Validation:

python -m pytest tests/security -k "graph or tool or agent or cypher or prompt" -n 0 -vv

STEP 7 — Operational Production Readiness
Goal:
Achieve reproducible deployability and observability.

Required work:

Validate K8s manifests:
multi-doc parsing
security contexts
non-root enforcement
readiness/liveness
network policies
Validate Prometheus metrics exposure.
Validate structured logging.
Validate alert routing.
Validate rollback procedures.
Validate disaster recovery artifacts.
Validate CI production gate scripts.
Validate staging parity with production overlays.

Validation:

python -m pytest tests/security -k "k8s or metrics or deploy or production" -n 0 -vv

STEP 8 — Performance / Resilience / Chaos Readiness
Goal:
Prove the platform behaves safely under stress and partial failure.

Required work:

Add connection pool exhaustion tests.
Add Redis outage tests.
Add Neo4j outage tests.
Add LLM provider degradation tests.
Add websocket reconnect/load tests.
Add timeout/cancellation propagation tests.
Add chaos smoke workflows.
Validate circuit breakers and retries.

Validation:

python -m pytest tests/performance -n 0 -vv

STEP 9 — Enterprise SaaS Compliance Readiness
Goal:
Prepare for enterprise procurement/security review.

Required work:

Validate audit retention behavior.
Validate tenant deletion/export flows.
Validate encryption boundaries.
Validate secret rotation.
Validate SSO/OIDC evidence.
Validate billing isolation.
Validate evidence artifacts for:
security
telemetry
rollback
performance
DR
SLOs
Ensure all launch evidence artifacts are reproducible.

STEP 10 — Final GA Readiness Gate
Only after all suites pass:

Run full security suite.
Run full integration suite.
Run full E2E suite.
Run launch evidence generators.
Run production-readiness gates.
Generate final blocker matrix.
Confirm:
no unresolved tenant-isolation blockers
no auth drift
no NULL tenant visibility
no fail-open behavior
no skipped critical tests
no environment-only passing conditions

Final Deliverable Per Cycle:

Files changed
Tests run/results
Remaining blockers
Architectural drift identified
Security posture impact
Whether production readiness improved, regressed, or remained blocked

Do not:

mark evidence complete prematurely
weaken security checks
add broad bypasses
suppress failing tests
introduce unscoped DB access
silently disable OIDC/auth/security enforcement